README.md, before:

# AWS CodeArtifact proxy for Terraform
This is a relatively simple project which allows you to use AWS CodeArtifact as
registry for Terraform modules acting as a bridge. It exposes an API compatible
with the registry format.


# Installation
An example terraform deployment setup is available in the `deployment/` folder.
There are three environment variables which need to be set:
  - `REGISTRY_NAME`: the name of your CodeArtifact registry
  - `REGISTRY_DOMAIN`: the domain of your CodeArtifact registry
  - `AUTH_TOKENS`: a comma separate list of tokens for authentication

# Uploading new terraform modules
Since this is using AWS CodeArtifact uploading new modules happens with the aws
cli. See the [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/ug/publishing-using-generic-packages.html)
fore more info.

Example:
```
aws codeartifact publish-package-version \
  --domain your-domain \
  --repository your-repository \
  --namespace your-department \
  --format generic \
  --package terraform-aws-vpc \
  --package-version 1.2.1 \
  --asset-name terraform-aws-vpc-1.2.1.zip \
  --asset-content terraform-aws-vpc-1.2.1.zip \
  --asset-sha256 $(sha256sum asset.tar.gz | awk '{print $1;}')
```

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome. Please open an issue or a PR.

Commit message:

Sign the download URL's for validating permissions
Terraform only passes the auth token to the API's and not to the final
download URL. So sign the download URL we return and verify it in the
download handler

README.md, after:

# AWS CodeArtifact proxy for Terraform
This is a relatively simple project which allows you to use AWS CodeArtifact as
registry for Terraform modules acting as a bridge. It exposes an API compatible
with the registry format.


# Installation
An example terraform deployment setup is available in the `deployment/` folder.
There are four environment variables which need to be set:
  - `REGISTRY_NAME`: the name of your CodeArtifact registry
  - `REGISTRY_DOMAIN`: the domain of your CodeArtifact registry
  - `AUTH_TOKENS`: a comma separate list of tokens for authentication
  - `SECRET_KEY`: a secret key for signing the download URL's

# Uploading new terraform modules
Since this is using AWS CodeArtifact uploading new modules happens with the aws
cli. See the [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/ug/publishing-using-generic-packages.html)
fore more info.

Example:
```
aws codeartifact publish-package-version \
  --domain your-domain \
  --repository your-repository \
  --namespace your-department \
  --format generic \
  --package terraform-aws-vpc \
  --package-version 1.2.1 \
  --asset-name terraform-aws-vpc-1.2.1.zip \
  --asset-content terraform-aws-vpc-1.2.1.zip \
  --asset-sha256 $(sha256sum asset.tar.gz | awk '{print $1;}')
```

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome. Please open an issue or a PR.
